Kapacitor release notes update - v1.6.3 (#3702)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/kapacitor/v1.6/about_the_project/releasenotes-changelog.md

    name: Release notes
---

## v1.6.3 [2022-01-20]

### Features

- Support for the `attributes` field in Alerta node.

> - Add BigPanda handler options.

Reviewer: Do we need to update the following docs to reflect these new configuration options/field available in event handlers?:

- [BigPanda event handler configuration](https://docs.influxdata.com/kapacitor/v1.6/event_handlers/bigpanda/) 
- [Alerta event handler](https://docs.influxdata.com/kapacitor/v1.6/event_handlers/alerta/)

Author: @kelseiv I was thinking the same thing when working on this

Reviewer: Maybe @docmerlin can help us clarify

Reviewer 2: I believe the answer is yes.

Reviewer 2: Update BigPanda text to better reflect the change -- >Add "host" and "attribute" options to BigPanda node and "auto-attributes" configuration option.

We should update the examples for using the Alerta handler and the BigPanda handler to demonstrate how to leverage these two new improvements.

Reviewer 2: review details for the BigPanda improvements here: https://github.com/influxdata/kapacitor/pull/2643

Author: create issue https://github.com/influxdata/docs-v2/issues/3707 for BigPanda and Alerta event handler improvement/example updates

> - The `env var` config can now handle new items.

Reviewer: Does "handle" mean accept or add in this context? Do "items" refer to new env configurations?

Author: Changed wording

> - `Topic queue length` is now configurable.

Reviewer: Is the `Topic queue length` related to the `DefaultEventBufferSize = 5000` and `MinimumEventBufferSize = 1000`?

Reviewer 2: We need the config parameter names, default values and where it appears within the config file...

Author: Will need to update the config page - https://github.com/influxdata/docs-v2/issues/3710

> - Add new `address template` to email alert.

Reviewer: In the email [example TICKscript](https://docs.influxdata.com/kapacitor/v1.6/nodes/alert_node/#email), 
is it accurate to add the following as an example:

`.email('admin@example.com')`
` .toTemplates('oncall@example.com')`

And say that this passes the specified email addresses to the `email` property?

Reviewer 2: yeah, I'm really unclear about this new capability and how really to take advantage of it.  We need a better description and example within the docs.

Author: Per Emrys - Previously, address had to be hardcoded - customer wanted to derive template for email address directly from data as opposed to script.

    name: Release notes
---

> ## v1.6.3 [2022-01-20]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## v1.6.3 [2022-01-24]
```

### Features

- Add support for custom `attributes` field in [Alerta event handler](/kapacitor/v1.6/event_handlers/alerta/). 

> - Add `host` and `attribute` options to [BigPanda event handler](/kapacitor/v1.6/event_handlers/bigpanda/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `host` and `attribute` options to [BigPanda event handler](/kapacitor/v1.6/event_handlers/bigpanda/):
```

>   - `host`: Corresponds to host alert payload parameter; identifies the main object that caused the alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `host`: Identifies the main object that caused the alert.
```

>   - `attribute`: Option to add additional attribute(s) to the alert payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `attribute`: Adds additional attribute(s) to the alert payload.
```

- Add new `auto-attributes` configuration option to BigPanda node.

> -  Ability to add new headers to HTTP posts directly in `env var` config. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability to add new headers to HTTP posts directly in `env var` config. 
```

- `Topic queue length` is now configurable. This allows you to set a `topic-buffer-length` parameter in the Kapacitor config file in the
[alert](https://docs.influxdata.com/kapacitor/v1.6/administration/configuration/#alert) section. The default is 5000.  Minimum length
is 1000.
- Add new `address template` to email alert. Email addresses no longer need to be hardcoded; can be derived directly from data.

### Bug fixes

> - Deprecation in response to [sweet32](https://sweet32.info/): stopped using block ciphers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated ciphers identified as "weak" in response to the [sweet32](https://sweet32.info/) attack.
```

> - Add additional detail to the error message `missing flux data`. This error is generated when issues occur when running a **Flux** query within a Batch TICKscript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add additional detail to the error message `missing flux data`. This error is generated when issues occur when running a **Flux** query within a batch TICKscript.
```
